hey guys markets pro here doing a video
today on how to get pokemon emerald
randomizer which on us went to first um
first of all this is pretty much what
does as you can see textbook my emerald
and just randomizes every single block
manual me and it'll give you any Pokemon
from generation um one two or three and
i'm assuming your to have visual boy
advance and pokemon emerald downloaded
but if you don't much of a video on that
later but sues the link here i'll put in
the description but so you can click on
version 1.0 and it will download the zip
drive and then so you will open the
drive once it's downloaded and right
click just anywhere but not on these to
destroy click here and click the strike
at all then we'll ask you for a place
you want save it so just save it
downloads and i go ahead extract this so
here you go now it's extracted from the
zip drive and i can actually open it now
so here's what we're gonna see now is
thembi your brain advisor which so we're
going to right click on so this will
open this up we can change your stars
and all the wild pokemon but can't click
on anything as you can see so we get a
file and then get it open and then you
don't want to browse to where you're
saved pokemon emerald game is so mine is
also my download so near to owner that
downloads and then click on pokemon
emerald and then i say we have won a
game that's right device bone pick
pokemon emerald and then click on it and
then as you can see all this is now
changed so you can look at your stripe
oh c'mon you can put anything you want
if you want deoxys is your starting
pokemon
do it you want yes go for it you know
anything you want but most one for me is
go to random set up oh c'mon let's go to
random they're poking on go to random
and then you're held item you can pick
anything for your first book about to
have which I'm just not going to give
anything and then your wild Pokemon you
can oh look at these and I think it says
more about them here here you go details
on sets about this i'll say wall plug my
options unchanged back on counter salts
not change global 11 substitutions all
Pokemon of the same species change to
Pokemon of another species in on
location reasonable investor the case of
home will become the same alternate
pokemon then area unique 11 substitution
I'll click on the same species within
each location change to another ramp
species list approach from above by
shifting the Pokemon outside the area
for example do bats 1k turn to 100
Pokemon was about to dance in every
other k or a different pokemon and
completely random every encounter style
is different pokémon this gets pretty
crazy and then more fresh down here I'm
going to read it all that's pretty much
of that is she an idea of where you're
getting yourself into so go back up here
I'm cinder completely random and then
we're going to do is file and go save as
and I just save it same place you have
your other save files up so owner
downloads Pokemon click on pokemon
emerald folder and then just type in
like a YouTube will be the name of the
file so save it and then you exit this
and then you can go down after the right
amount RS over the internet and then
close these two folders you'll need them
up then start up your visual boy advance
then go to file and open and
say I'm already in pokemon emerald
folder but you want to get a workbook
one mo folder is and click on the when
you started so I did you tube so it's
called so this and I'll start one game
and then going counter completely wild
Pokemon I'm not going to show you that
in this game because our in this video
because I don't wanna go to a time limit
so i'll make another video and show you
a threat emotion looks like what you get
started and have a good day get
everybody internet for the next videos